README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"><img alt="ChatGPT" title="ChatGPT" src=".github/logo.webp" width="250" /></h1>

# ChatGPT Prompt Engineering for Developers

## 💡 Repository's Idea

This repository was created while studying the DeepLearning.AI's ChatGPT Prompt Engineering for Developers course. It aims to provide a set of examples on how to use the OpenAI's API on different contexts.

## 🔍 Features

Examples on how to use ChatGPT API's features, such as:

* [Guidelines](./notebooks/l2-guidelines.ipynb);
* [Iterative](./notebooks/l3-iterative-prompt-development.ipynb);
* [Summarizing](./notebooks/l4-summarizing.ipynb);
* [Inferring](./notebooks/l5-inferring.ipynb);
* [Transforming](./notebooks/l6-transforming.ipynb);
* [Expanding](./notebooks/l7-expanding.ipynb);
* [Chatbot](./notebooks/l8-chatbot.ipynb);

## 🛠 Technologies

During the development of this project, the following technologies were used:

- [Python](https://www.python.org/)
- [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/)
- [ChatGPT API](https://openai.com/blog/introducing-chatgpt-and-whisper-apis)

## 💻 Configuration

### First, you must [install Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/install) on your computer.

### You'll also need an [OpenAI API key for ChatGPT](https://www.maisieai.com/help/how-to-get-an-openai-api-key-for-chatgpt).

### Documentation:
* 

## 📄 License

This repository is under the **MIT** license. For more information, access [LICENSE](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

chore: updated README / added example.env and requirements

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"><img alt="ChatGPT" title="ChatGPT" src=".github/logo.webp" width="250" /></h1>

# ChatGPT Prompt Engineering for Developers

## 💡 Repository's Idea

This repository was created while studying the DeepLearning.AI's ChatGPT Prompt Engineering for Developers course. It aims to provide a set of examples on how to use the OpenAI's API on different contexts.

## 🔍 Features

Examples on how to use ChatGPT API's features, such as:

* [Guidelines](./notebooks/l2-guidelines.ipynb);
* [Iterative](./notebooks/l3-iterative-prompt-development.ipynb);
* [Summarizing](./notebooks/l4-summarizing.ipynb);
* [Inferring](./notebooks/l5-inferring.ipynb);
* [Transforming](./notebooks/l6-transforming.ipynb);
* [Expanding](./notebooks/l7-expanding.ipynb);
* [Chatbot](./notebooks/l8-chatbot.ipynb);

## 🛠 Technologies

During the development of this project, the following technologies were used:

- [Python](https://www.python.org/)
- [Jupyter Notebook](https://jupyter.org/)
- [ChatGPT API](https://openai.com/blog/introducing-chatgpt-and-whisper-apis)

## 💻 Configuration

First, you must [install Jupyter](https://jupyter.org/install) on your computer.

You'll also need an [OpenAI API key for ChatGPT](https://www.maisieai.com/help/how-to-get-an-openai-api-key-for-chatgpt).

Install the required packages/libs to your Jupyter environment:

```bash
(env) $ pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## 🌐 Setting up config files

Create a *.env* file on the root directory, with all needed variables, credentials and API keys, according to the sample provided (*[example.env](./example.env)*).

### Documentation:
* 

## 📄 License

This repository is under the **MIT** license. For more information, access [LICENSE](./LICENSE).
